docs: add a basic guide to the tech stack (#690)
freeCodeCamp/chapter: CONTRIBUTING.md

</details>

# Adding a New Feature

> In order to understand where to start, it may help to familiarise yourself with our tech stack.  The key technologies we use are: PostgreSQL, TypeORM, Apollo, Express, React and Next.js.  For more details:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to understand where to start, it may help to familiarize yourself with our [tech stack](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/chapter/blob/main/README.md#tech-stack). For more details:
```
How about this?  Does it seem reasonable to have this link and a link back from the README?

Reviewer: Sure, if you want to keep the bullet list for the Tech Stack in the README, then linking to/from each would be good.

The Chapter client uses the React framework [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) with [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/) for data fetching.  Since we are generating a GraphQL schema we can use [GraphQL Code Generator](https://www.graphql-code-generator.com/) to convert the schema into a set of TypeScript types and, more importantly, functions to get the data from the server.  As a result we know exactly what we're allowed to request from the server and the shape of the data it returns.
</details>

## Where to find the code

The database and GraphQL schema are defined by files in _server/models_

> The resolvers for the GraphQL queries are defined in _server/controllers_

Author: ```suggestion
The resolvers for the GraphQL queries are defined in _server/src/controllers_
```
